style check (#586)
todogroup/ospology: ospo-book/content/en/01-chapter.md

  * How much OSS is already being used in the organization?
  * How would you define the 'open source culture' within your organization?
  * What are the organization's goals and objectives for using open source?

>   * How's OSS currently being used within the organization?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * How is OSS currently being used within the organization?
```
I think that using "How's" is much less common than the other contractions and sounds a bit strange. We should reflect this in the style guide.

>   * How's OSS currently being created within the organization?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * How is OSS currently being created within the organization?
```
I think that using "How's" is much less common than the other contractions and sounds a bit strange. We should reflect this in the style guide.
